22.2.3+ (#1)
friedcucumber/maui-popup-actions: README.md

<!-- default badges list -->
<!-- default badges end -->
## CollectionView for .NET MAUI - Context Menu Actions in Popup

> This example shows how to implement a context menu actions for [CollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) items. To create the context menu, we used the [DXPopup Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) that contains [SimpleButtons](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton). These buttons can implement any required actions.  

Reviewer: > This example **shows** how to implement **a** context menu action**s** for [CollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) items.

The same as in the corresponding merge request in GitLab:

"Context menu actions" is plural, therefore, requires no indefinite article regardless of the actual article case. Possibly a typo copied from GitLab or vice versa.

Shows vs Demonstrates/Illustrates. Yes, we can say "shows" but "demonstrates" or "illustrates" sounds better in this context because the purpose of an example is to demonstrate or illustrate a concept or scenario.

> To create **the** context menu, we used the [DXPopup Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) that contains [SimpleButtons](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton).

We haven't introduced a context menu earlier to be able to address it here through the definite article. Instead, we spoke just of context menu actions. Therefore, an indefinite article is in order.

> These buttons can **implement** any required actions.

The most important part. Did you mean "execute" by "implement"? Do the mentioned buttons actually implement actions or one just can associate the buttons with certain actions to trigger or execute them? If so, then it's obvious that one can write any code within event handlers...

Unfortunately, I cannot suggest a proper edit because I need to clarify the purpose behind this code example. Why are we doing all this instead of using the standard context menu component?

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to implement context menu actions for [CollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) items. To create a context menu, we used the [DXPopup Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) that contains [SimpleButtons](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton). These buttons can invoke any required actions.  
```

What do you think about this one? @dmitry-eliseev-devexpress

> This example demonstrates how to implement context menu actions for [CollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) items. To create a context menu, we used the [DXPopup Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) that contains [SimpleButtons](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton). These buttons can invoke any required actions.  

Reviewer 2: `These buttons can invoke any required actions` -> These buttons can invoke different actions

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to implement context menu actions for [CollectionView](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.CollectionView.DXCollectionView) items. To create a context menu, we used the [DXPopup Control](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) that contains [SimpleButtons](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton). These buttons can invoke different actions.  
```

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12169834/228216536-48240713-be2f-45e7-9dda-dbf843682500.png" width="30%"/>

> Used controls and their properties:

Reviewer: Same as in the other GitHub pull request -- "used controls" sound more like "second-hand controls", which is not exactly what we'd like to say while presenting our products. Instead, we can agree on the following form, for example:

```suggestion
Included controls and their properties:
```

* [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup): [Placement](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.Placement), [IsOpen](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.IsOpen)

* [SimpleButton](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton): [Content](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton.Content), [Command](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton.Command), [Icon](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton.Icon), [IconColor](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.SimpleButton.IconColor)

## Implementation Details

> * To open the [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup), set the [DXPopup.IsOpen](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.IsOpen) property to `true`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To control [DXPopup](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup) visibility, use the [DXPopup.IsOpen](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.IsOpen) property:
```

Author: Are you sure that IsOpen property controls the popup visibility? It seems that we should not mix the 'visiblilty' term and the 'opened/closed' state.

    ```xaml
    <dxco:DXPopup x:Name="actionsPopup" ...>
        <StackLayout>
            <dxco:SimpleButton .../>
            <dxco:SimpleButton .../>
        </StackLayout>
    </dxco:DXPopup>
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainPage.xaml](CS/MainPage.xaml)

    ```csharp
    public class MainViewModel : BindableBase {
        bool isOpenPopup;
        public bool IsOpenPopup {
            get => this.isOpenPopup;
            set {
                isOpenPopup = value;
                RaisePropertyChanged();
            }
        }
    }
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainViewModel.cs](CS/MainViewModel.cs)

    ```csharp
    public partial class MainPage : ContentPage {
        void ContactActionsClick(object sender, EventArgs e) {
            // ...
            actionsPopup.IsOpen = !actionsPopup.IsOpen;
        }
        private void PopupItemClick(object sender, EventArgs e) {
            actionsPopup.IsOpen = false;
        }
    }
    ```

    File to Look At: [MainPage.xaml.cs](CS/MainPage.xaml.cs)

> * Use the [DXPopup.PlacementTarget](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.PlacementTarget) property to define the popup alignment (relative to its parent element):

Reviewer: Is there any specific reason favoring usage of brackets? From what I see, it's very easy to include the clause enclosed between them into the main sentence like this:

```suggestion
* Use the [DXPopup.PlacementTarget](https://docs.devexpress.com/MAUI/DevExpress.Maui.Controls.DXPopup.PlacementTarget) property to define the popup alignment in relation to its parent element:
```
